Update readme to final version (#97)
Solvro/web-promochator: README.md

![Solvro banner](https://github.com/Solvro/backend-topwr-sks/blob/main/assets/solvro_dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Solvro banner](https://github.com/Solvro/backend-topwr-sks/blob/main/assets/solvro_dark.png#gh-light-mode-only)

## About 🚀

> The PromoCHATor is a recommendation system which helps WUST students to find their ideal diploma thesis supervisor. System is based on machine learning techniques and data scraped from web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PromoCHATor is a recommendation system that helps WUST students find their ideal diploma thesis supervisor. The system is based on machine learning techniques and data scraped from the web.
```

## Features 🔥

Current web app allows to:

> - receive recommended supervisors based on user's thesis topic/short description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- receive recommended supervisors based on the user's thesis topic/short description
```

- save supervisors to favourites

> - give feedback about recommended supervisor in order to fine tune the model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- give feedback about the recommended supervisor to fine-tune the model
```

## Team 👨‍🔧

> - [Maciej Król](https://github.com/maciejkrol18) - Techleader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Maciej Król](https://github.com/maciejkrol18) - Tech Lead
```

- [Maciej Malinowski](https://github.com/mejsiejdev) - Frontend Developer
- [Maciej Talarczyk](https://github.com/muclx) - UI/UX Designer, Frontend Developer

> - [Wojciech Kosmalski](https://github.com/chewmanji) - Frontend Developer

Reviewer: Shouldn't you also be listed as the project manager?

## Technologies 👀

- ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
- ![React.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
- ![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
- ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
- ![Coolify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coolify-9D00FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=coolify&logoColor=white)

## Links 🔗

- [Application](https://promochator.solvro.pl/)
- [Project portfolio](https://solvro.pwr.edu.pl/portfolio/promochator)

## Development 🔧

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Solvro/web-promochator.git
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
cd web-promochator
pnpm i
```

### 3. Configure Environment

> Copy and paste`.env.example` file in the root directory, rename the copy to `.env` and set the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste `.env.example` file in the root directory, rename the copy to `.env` and set the following content:
```
missing space

### 🔐 SSH Setup

For Windows users, follow this [SSH setup tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vExsOTgIOGw).

### 🌿 Feature Development Workflow

1. Checkout and update main:

   ```bash
   git checkout main
   git pull origin main
   git fetch
   ```

2. Create a feature branch:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feat/{issue_number}-my-feature-branch
   ```

3. Make your changes and commit:

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "My changes description"
   ```

4. Push to remote:

   ```bash
   git push origin feat/{issue_number}-my-feature-branch
   ```

5. Create a Pull Request on GitHub

### ⚠️ Important Reminders

- Never push directly to the main branch
- Always commit before checking out to a different branch
- After successful merge, clean up:

  ```bash
  git branch -d feat/{issue_number}-my-feature-branch
  git push origin --delete feat/{issue_number}-my-feature-branch
  ```

## 📞 Contact

For questions or suggestions, reach out to us:

- ✉️ Email: <kn.solvro@pwr.edu.pl>
- 🌐 Website: [solvro.pwr.edu.pl](https://solvro.pwr.edu.pl/)
- 📘 Facebook: [KN Solvro](https://www.facebook.com/knsolvro)

---

> Thank you for your interest in our project! 🥰

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We appreciate your interest in our project! 🥰
```
I think that sounds friendlier
